Child, child
Your dad is so unreliable
Lying all day
Ran off with another woman
We both suffer
Hello video girl
Come and save Dad
8,000 Qianling big brother 80 million
He is Qianling
Hello dad
What's the matter, my dad is studying again
All the money has been invested in the project and has not been paid back yet.
Cary has 200 million you use it first
I'm serious.
Stop playing with me
Hello
Your baby Ruonan has an accident
Master Qian, don't worry.
He'll be here soon.
Hey wait a minute
Why did you just come?
Hurry up and transfer 80 million to Qian Ye
I owe him money. I forgot
It's not like you don't know about the company
Why so much nonsense?
You want to recruit
Can I have no money?
The beautiful woman of Kurojiang
Use the body
What to pay slowly
Exactly.
Heijiang City knows this rule
Are you in debt?
Pay back with your body
This is the rule set by our Lord Qian.
Go go go go
Pay it back quickly
What a beautiful girl!
You never follow
Someone come over